Underconstruction property with 2 years of possession with luxury apartmentsAbout the Project  Now Proudly Presenting Tropical Springs  Introducing Tropical Springs a BBMP approved well planned 2/3 BHK Residential Apartments with an eminent location, Semi-furnished Apartment to live in with lively bedrooms. Each apartment reflects the proof of the peaceful and happy dreaming life. We welcome you whole heartedly to come and have a stay. Nearby all the malls, hospitals and IT Companies with easy transportations like BMTC Bus station and Whitefield Railway Station and perfect place for modern living, Combining quality and value with attention to detail and contemporary design. Tropical Springs is a Striking architectural development of total 246 units.  Amenities  Club House  Swimming Pool  Toddler Pool  Children’s Play Area with Equipments  2 nos Lifts for each wing  Power Backup for Flats, Lifts, Common area, Lighting, and water  Intercom  Covered Car Parking  Senior Citizen Park  Gymnasium  Multipurpose Hall/Party Hall  Jogging Track  Rainwater Harvesting  24/7 Security  CCTV​  STRUCTURE:  R.C.C Framed structure with necessary footings & beams.  Solid Concrete block masonry for internal and external walls.  Basement Car Parking. Elegant Entrance Lobbies  PLASTERING:  All internal walls will be smoothly plastered with Lime rendering.  External walls: Sponge finish plastering.  PAINTING:  Interior & Exterior-OBD for interior and exterior shall have weather proof paint and Enamel paint for the wood work and grill work.  FLOORING:  Living, Dining, Bedroom-Vitrified Tiles  Balconies/Utility/Kitchen/Bathrooms- Anti skid Ceramic Tiles.  Common area/Staircase/Lift lobby- Granites.  KITCHEN:  Black Polished Granite Platform with stainless steel sinks.  Ceramic Tiles 2 feet above the Granite Platform.  Provision for washing machine in utility area.  Provision for Aqua-guard and Refrigerator.  TOILETS:  Superior Quality Ceramic-Wall tiling up to 7ft. Height.  Fitting & fixtures- of Reputed make.  CP Fittings- of Reputed make  ELECTRICAL:  Electrical wires-Fire resistant electrical wires of Finolex/ Anchor or equivalent make.  MCB- One minute Circuit Breaker (MCB) for each room provided at the main distribution Box within each unit.  ELCB-For safety, one Earth Leakage Circuit Breaker (ELCB) will be provided for each unit.  Telephone Points- To be provided in living room and Master bedroom.  A/C point- Provision for A/C point in Master Bedroom.  TV Point-One TV Point to be provided in Master Bed room & Living Room.  DOORS & WINDOWS:  Main door- in teak wood frame with OST shutters.  Internal doors-in Hard wood and Panelled skin doors.  Good Quality of hardware for all doors.  Aluminum Sliding windows with glass and MS grills.  SERVICES:  Rain water harvesting.  Sewage treatment plant.  Intercom Facility  Power Backup Generator for Common area & Apartments.  2 Nos. of Lift for each wing of reputed make.  SECURITY SYSTEM:  CCTV Cameras will be provided in the common areas and at the security gate.  Security Personnel to Patrol the project round the clock.  Know your Neighborhood  Malls: Forum value mall and Inorbit Mall  Hospitals: Vydehi Hospitals, RX DX and Sai baba Hospital and many more… Restaurants: Bhagini Cloves, Zinger and more…. Hotels: Marriot, Taj Vivanta, Savanna Sarovar and many more… IT Companies: ITPL, GE, SAP Labs, TCS, IBM,Accenture,TESCO and many more… Transportation: BMTC Bus Station, White field Railway Station  Highlights:  High rise luxurious ground+15 Floors  Stunning Modern Exterior  246 Spacious Flats  Maximum Cross Ventilation & Natural light  Vastu compliant Flats  Beautiful landscape surrounding  BBMP Approved  Stilt car parking  100% standby generator for lights in common area.  Approved by all major financial Institutions and Banks.  I-Connect:  3 Kms from Hope farm Junction  4 Kms from Forum Value Mall  4 Kms from Hoodi Circle  5.3 Kms from Varthur Police Station  7 Kms from from Kundanahalli Junction  10 Kms from KR Puram Railway Station  11 Kms from Prestige Tech Park  11.3 Kms from Inventure Academy International School  12 Kms from Marathahalli Junction  13 Kms from Bellandur Junction <city>Whitefield</city>, Maine, United States Published date: January 29, 2017 13:52 3939000.00 Dollar US$ 