North Fulton county (House For Sale) neighborhoodsThis home is amazing. Huge European Style with room for the entire family and the in-laws, quality construction with beautiful hardwoods, tile, carpet and gas burning fireplace in the ski lodge style Great room. Updated kitchen with Viking stainless steel double ovens, Wolf Gas Range, custom hood and Also dishwasher, eat in kitchen with pantry and built ins. Updated master bathroom with spa shower, built in foot spa, and custom tile work. Movie/theatre room with wall sconces, LED television, built in cabinet for components, surround sound in the great room and movie room. Office, Gym, Pool Room, built ins. 2 car garage, irrigation system, large usable backyard on a cul-da-sac. Large, beautiful "move in ready" home in one of the best North Fulton county neighborhoods in Georgia, USA Horseshoe Bend.  BRAND NEW ROOF May 2016!  Transferable stucco moisture warranty  Transferable termite bond  ...and so much more  What I Love About the Home?  This home is unique because although there is over 5,300 square feet, it feels warm and cozy. The rooms are large but comfortable. You can feel the life and love inside. Whether it is cooking thanksgiving dinner for your entire family from all over the U.S while hosting them, or deciding which Christmas tree to put the presents for the kids. "Should we put it under the tree in the formal living room, or the Great Room next to the fireplace?" The home makes you feel safe from the raging thunderstorms outside as the excellent construction and 2 trane high efficiency environmental system keeps the house perfect. You won't even realize how bad the weather is. It's putting the kids to bed, and working out in the gym downstairs. It's the weekend and everyone is playing pool and cards downstairs on the terrace level. It's because for over 10 years 240 Merritt Drive has provided a safe, beautiful, elegant home for my family.  For More -   Email me:- amy@cryn.co  Address:- 240 MERRITT DRIVE <city>ROSWELL</city>, GA 30076  Call :- 770-861-9426 <city>Roswell</city>, Georgia, United States Published date: January 11, 2017 10:26 465900.00 Dollar US$ 